# Hello Welcome to my blog

One of the questions that prominent people are asked quite a lot is "Who is your hero?", and for most people they usually say a parent or guardian.  Children are often asked this same question and they can range from the first responder, to the athletes they watch, to actual fictional superheroes, and sometimes their parents.  While we are younger and see the world through a different lens of smaller scope we define heroes quite differently often associated with great feats of strength or speed.  As we get older though we tend to realize that heroic qualities that manifest itself as physical traits are not quite as impressive as the intangible heroic qualities humans possess.  In my own life I have grown into being a father and watching my own children see me as much more than just a dad, but knowing that one day they might call me their hero for different reasons.  I am physically an average sized human male (I suppose, the fact is that I am not leaning on one side or the other on the physical bell curve), but when my kids were younger they thought I could move mountains (I only can imagine being able to pick them up with one arm had something to do with this).  Growing up I felt the same way about my dad, he seemed exceptionally strong, and I was in awe.  The myth here is that he was probably no stronger than I am now, but yet I still fondly think of him as my hero (he passed away a few years ago), and so why is that?  Heroes are indoctrinated to us through stories (digitial or otherwise) and going back to the the mythology of ancient cultures Heroes fought against evil and succeeded where no other mortal could.  The grind of life itself is never fun and hardly seems heroic, but one thing fatherhood has taught me is that being a dad is one of the most heroic things you can possibly do (if you are willing to succeed where no other mortal could... just kidding).



